c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\CuoiKy_Mp3API.dll.config
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\CuoiKy_Mp3API.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\CuoiKy_Mp3API.pdb
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\obj\Debug\CuoiKy_Mp3API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\obj\Debug\CuoiKy_Mp3API.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\obj\Debug\CuoiKy_Mp3API.pdb
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\danh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\CuoiKy_Mp3API.dll.config
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\CuoiKy_Mp3API.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\CuoiKy_Mp3API.pdb
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\obj\Debug\CuoiKy_Mp3API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\obj\Debug\CuoiKy_Mp3API.dll
D:\project\CuoiKy_Mp3API\CuoiKy_Mp3API\obj\Debug\CuoiKy_Mp3API.pdb
